hey guys welcome to dare Matt G
currently the only thing on the internet
that completely discourages physical
activity stupid Olympics that's still a
thing today I'm gonna take some of the
dares that you dared me to do and do
them so strap on that feed bag of
leftover taco meat and let's do this I
dare you to Olympics ah did I not just
say no physical activity
I dare you to create the cat Olympics
and make Jojo participate come on I just
said like we were being lazy as f today
it's just a high jump bar come on Jojo
yeah Mon come on just saw you've been
that high you see the running start
yeah come on yeah I dare you to gauge
your ears got my ears all gauged check
it out I think you look pretty good I
just I went from being like no piercings
to was it's a zero yeah zero yeah I mean
zero is pretty good size when you start
off I don't know anything about look
look at my ears are gauged guys
my ears are gauged I got the gauges on
my ears i gauged them to zero air
pressure I dare to dress up as Edward
Scissorhands for a day okay
go show the world oh god what's going on
why horrible I just want to leave the
bathroom turn like a sandwich yeah I'm
surprisingly easy I need something to
drink - ah
here we go why why we're Scissorhands a
thing in the movie you could have chose
anything you could go ahead sticks just
stick hands or maybe a fork instead of
actually finishing his hands cause an
end piece it's gross
would you like that cut into quarters or
across the middle there you go
I dare you to do a video in the nether
so what's the deal afire you know you
get too close to an end Burns yeah
tough crowd here in hell I'd a to
explain the beauty of flatulence while
stroking Joe Joe and putting saltine
crackers in your mouth flatulence are a
beautiful thing and a wonderful and
delightful and come out of your bum
is there any candy that's specific to
Canada the crunchy bar I think you can't
have it it's ours and once it's not ours
and you guys already have it well I mean
we're we're taking it back I'm not even
doing research here I'm just wildly
making accusations fuzzy peaches
tomorrow is there's like this thing it's
kind of a small Puerto Rican boy filled
with caramel
we have ketchup chips and it's like the
holy grail of fried potatoes maple candy
it's like maple tar nobody really has
fun eating and it's kind of like a chore
I'm pretty sure that make it out of tree
Park and misery would you rather go back
in time or go to the future what's in
the past that I want to see a barn silo
full of hay dust two weathered old sheep
having sex no thank you I'll take flying
cars oh let's go back in time to check
out the Great Depression that sounds
like a hoot what's the difference
between American bacon and Canadian
bacon well here you have American bacon
um small thin bookmark shaped Canadian
bacon American baked is just regular
bacon and thin crunchy kind of sucks
regular old just boring strip bacon made
from boring old stupid smelly pigs and
then there's Canadian bacon made from
the beard of Zeus riding in on a white
horse and approved by you and McGregor I
dare to go dance on energy drinks that
sounds like awful that that just doesn't
sound like a fun time for me at all
yeah yeah Phil yeah it's coming along
ago I got me a third corner analysis
spreadsheet almost done it's looking
pretty good I'm just gonna fax the
sample over to Phil in accounting it's
gonna just get in there yeah no we
should we should help golf sometime I
think that we probably the ad that came
on before dear Maggie 36 and vagina I
dare you to say vagina
really vagina vagina who joined on
vagina so I hope you guys enjoyed this
episode of dare mat gene if not you can
go be the dirty hamburger I don't care
my dear for you this week is to create
your own Olympic sport and try it out
leave your interesting dares and
questions in the comment on this video
there's still time to win the two shirts
that I'm giving away you can also do it
on my Facebook and Twitter and don't
forget to leave a comment finishing this
sentence I'll see you guys on Tuesday so
all day haha I don't know how you could
drink that damn water it's essentially
butter sauce I only drink the most
precious oxidized water available